Deprecate using a filename in logPath (#500)
appsignal/appsignal-nodejs: packages/nodejs/.changesets/deprecate-passing-a-file-to-logpath-config-option.md

---
bump: "patch"
---

> Deprecate passing a file to logPath config option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Print deprecation message when passing a filename to `logPath` config option. This was already deprecated. Not it prints a warning message on app start.
```
